I want to see my wife and master first
Impossible as long as you are obedient
I guarantee they are both safe and sound.
Bring it back to you safely
All I want is your life
How do you want me to be obedient is very simple
Jump down from here
Aren't you afraid I'll kill you?
Do you dare as long as I lose a hair?
The two of them will be buried immediately
Either you shoot me
Either you jump off here
Don't let me brush, how much did the four families give you?
Let you work for them like this
Give me less effort
You've got two minutes.
2 minutes 1 to
They roar right away
I'm afraid I'll jump.
You won't let him go
It's not your concern
But the jump is two minutes
They didn't jump. They only had two minutes left
All right.
Go find Duan Shiyu
Ask him to buy their lives for 1 billion
One minute left